README.md, before:

# UndocuMoney Web App

Inspired by the wheresgeorge.com site and merged with the #undocumoney campain idea.

The idea of #undocumoney is to highlight the U.S. economy's dependence on money that undocumented immigrants. Our money flows fluidly throughout economies.

The goal of this website is to show case that by:
1. Showing people how to participate
2. Highlighting stories
3. Allowing people to participate in active data crowdsourcing by registering undocumoney and reporting found bills through the account portal.

## Installation

Considering this is a Meteor project, it is pretty easy to start tweaking the code. But first, you need to have the following installed:

- Node and NPM
- MongoDB
- Meteor

Once you have your machine ready, pull the repository or download. On the terminal move into the project root directory and run

```
meteor
```

That's it! You should now be able to see the site at localhost:3000.

## Contributing

If you want to help with the development of this website email celso@digitalstrategy.tips. There may be some specifc features in the pipeline that you can help out with. Or you can just fork, clean up my code and send a pull request. :-)

## Future features

- Make site bilingual (English & Spanish)
- Present the #undocumoney location history through interactive map
- Allow people to upload media to go along with tweet
- Create a tweet throttler so as not to overload the Twitter API from too many tweets

## Credits

- Celso Mireles, Developer: celso@digitalstrategy.tips
- Marisol Soto, Idea Person, Spokeswoman: marisolsoto11@yahoo.com
- Irvin Camacho, Script Writer: Irvincamacho16@hotmail.com
- Andrew Johnson, Videographer: venturestudios.ar@gmail.com

Commit message:

Change license to MIT license
Actually did some research on licenses and decided this one was the
best way to go.

README.md, after:

# UndocuMoney Web App

##### This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Inspired by the wheresgeorge.com site and merged with the #undocumoney campaign idea.

The idea of #undocumoney is to highlight the U.S. economy's dependence on money that undocumented immigrants. Our money flows fluidly throughout economies.

The goal of this website is to show case that by:
1. Showing people how to participate
2. Highlighting stories
3. Allowing people to participate in active data crowdsourcing by registering undocumoney and reporting found bills through the account portal.

## Installation

Considering this is a Meteor project, it is pretty easy to start tweaking the code. But first, you need to have the following installed:

- Node and NPM
- MongoDB
- Meteor

Once you have your machine ready, pull the repository or download. On the terminal move into the project root directory and run

```
meteor
```

That's it! You should now be able to see the site at localhost:3000.

## Contributing

If you want to help with the development of this website email celso@digitalstrategy.tips. There may be some specifc features in the pipeline that you can help out with. Or you can just fork, clean up my code and send a pull request. :-)

## Future features

- Make site bilingual (English & Spanish)
- Present the #undocumoney location history through interactive map
- Allow people to upload media to go along with tweet
- Create a tweet throttler so as not to overload the Twitter API from too many tweets

## Credits

- Celso Mireles, Developer: celso@digitalstrategy.tips
- Marisol Soto, Idea Person, Spokeswoman: marisolsoto11@yahoo.com
- Irvin Camacho, Script Writer: Irvincamacho16@hotmail.com
- Andrew Johnson, Videographer: venturestudios.ar@gmail.com
